Fix input clickable area for Checkbox, Radio and Form Label (#5492)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/witty-lions-laugh.md

---
"@salt-ds/core": patch
---

> - Fixed checkbox, radio button and switch clickable area taking full width of container
> - Fixed form label whitespace triggering input focus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `Checkbox`, `RadioButton` and `Switch`'s clickable areas taking full width of container.
- Fixed clicking `FormFieldLabel`'s whitespace triggering input focus.
```

Author: Thanks!
